Revisions to webhooks docs (#158)
foxglove/docs: docs/13-webhooks/0-introduction.md

Webhooks notify your software when events happen within your Foxglove organization.

When you create a webhook, notifications about events are delivered to your webhook endpoint as HTTPS POST requests with a JSON body.

Go to the [Webhooks settings page](https://console.foxglove.dev/settings/webhooks/) to view a recent history of successful and failed deliveries.

## Concepts

### Endpoints

> Webhooks deliver HTTPS POST requests to an HTTP endpoint of your application. Your endpoint must be accessible over the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks deliver POST requests to an HTTPS endpoint of your application. Your endpoint must be accessible over the public internet.
```

An additional property has an object type – its name and value properties depend on the event type:

| event type           | name        | value properties                                                                |
| -------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `recording.imported` | `recording` | - `id`: Recording ID <p/> - `path`: The filepath the recording was created with |
| `device.created`     | `device`    | `id`: Device ID                                                                 |
| `event.created`      | `event`     | `id`: Event ID                                                                  |
| `ping`               | `webhook`   | `id`: Webhook ID                                                                |

### Deliveries

A delivery is a record of an attempt to deliver a notification to your endpoint. Foxglove displays a recent history of successful and failed deliveries on the [Webhook settings page](https://console.foxglove.dev/settings/webhooks/).

#### Delivery semantics

> Foxglove guarantees that webhooks notifications can be delivered more than once. Admins may also manually retry failed deliveries.

Author: ```suggestion
Foxglove guarantees at-least-once delivery for webhook notifications. Admins may also manually retry failed deliveries.
```

> Foxglove guarantees that webhooks notifications can be delivered more than once. Admins may also manually retry failed deliveries.

Reviewer: This loses the meaning in the original - at-least-once delivery semantics are a known term of art and we shouldn't obscure that. See https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/at-most-once-at-least-once-exactly for an explanation of the terms.

Author: Got it - didn't realize that was a commonly used term. Will revert.

> Each notification has a unique combination of `webhookId` and `webhookEventId` values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each notification has a unique combination of `webhookId` and `webhookEventId` values. This can be used to de-duplicate deliveries of notifications received by your endpoint.
```

> The notification request body's `webhookId` and `webhookEventId` pairing are unique to that notification.

Reviewer: this does not seem clearer to me. Maybe:
```suggestion
Each notification has an unique combination of `webhookId` and `webhookEventId` values. 
```
